refactor(sessions): :recycle: simplify workshop details in intro, highlight key items (#247)
rostools/github-intro: sessions/introduction.qmd

Before we get started, let's go over some of the details of the
workshop, which will help orient you to the workshop structure and what

> to expect. You already covered a lot of these things in detail in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to expect. We've already covered a lot of these things in detail in
```

[learning design](/overview/learning-design.qmd), so this is mostly a
brief reminder.

-   We do **"type-alongs" or "code-alongs"** where the teacher types and

>     actually shows how things are done and explains what they are doing
>     and why, while you type along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   shows how to do things and explains what they are doing
    and why, while you type along.
```

> -   **Reading activities** are used to give you time to think and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Reading tasks** are used to give you time to think and
```

Reviewer: Otherwise we should rename them in the snippets and in the text.

>     process in your own way. After the reading, the teacher repeats and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    process at your own pace. After the reading task, the teacher repeats and
```

    rephrases the key points to reinforce the concepts you just read.

> -   **Discussion activities** are used to reinforce learning and give

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Discussion activities** are used to reflect on the workshop content and give
```

    you a chance to talk to your peers about the concepts.

-   We use **"stickies", origami hats, or other visual indicators** to
    assess how everyone is doing and for you to request help if you get
    stuck. When the "help" sticky/origami hat/indicator is up, a helper

>     will come by and help you out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    will come by as soon as they are available and help you out.
```

-   The [**schedule**](/overview/schedule.qmd) **is a *guide* only**,

>     some sessions are longer, others shorter. It is not intended to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    some sessions might be longer, others shorter. It is not intended to be
```
